Do something really unusual, and I'm gonna invite you to attend one of Donald Trump's rallies because it's a really interesting thing to watch. You will see during the course of his rallies, he talks about fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter, He will talk about windmills cause cancer, and what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early out of exhaustion and boredom. And I will tell you the one thing you will not hear him talk about is you. You will not hear him talk about your needs, your dreams, and your and your desires. And I'll tell you, I believe you deserve a president who actually puts you first, and I pledge to you that I will. President, Harris. Thank you. President Trump, on that point, I want to get your response Well, I would like to respond Let me just ask though why did you try to kill that bill and successfully so that would have put thousands of additional agents and officers on the board. First, let me respond as to the release. She said people started leaving. People don't go to her rallies. There's no reason to go. And the people that do go, she's busing them in and paying them to be there, and then showing them in a different light. So she can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. That's because people wanna take their country back. Our country is being lost. We're a failing nation, and it happened three and a half years ago, and what what's going on here. You're gonna end up in World War three just to go into another subject. What they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States. And a lot of towns don't wanna talk. It's not gonna be Aurora or Springfield. A lot of towns don't wanna talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it. In Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country, and it's a shame. As far as rallies are concerned, as far as the reason they go is they like what I say. They wanna bring our country back. They wanna make America great against. Very simple phrase. Make America great again. She's destroying this country. And if she becomes president, This country doesn't have a chance of success. Not only success will end up being Venezuela on steroids. I just wanna